README.md, before:

# Another copy of Nike iOS app

## Used approach

### Framework

Apple recommends to use SwiftUI. But it also claims that UIKit is fine. 
As it says that SwiftUI is usually better - use this framework.

### Views pattern

There are many recommendations (like [this](https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/699003) to use MV (Model-View) template, so the following structure is used.
To call API, use static member of model classes using UserInfo struct if needed.


## Directory structure

- `Views` directory: all views (it's possible to add subdirs there)
- `Models` directory: all models (it's possible to add subdirs too)
- `API` directory: used to store interface for data reception and its implementations (pre-filled stubs).  
  It's better to add some constant into implementation to sleep in the separate thread.
- `nike_cpAPP`: just main


## Additional notes

- it's better to create screens according to apple guidelines.
- it's better to not mix UIKit ans SwiftUI (despite this possibility)
- Try to call API from separate thread.

## Known differences between this app and the Nike app

- Tabbar icons are filled because Apple recommends (and forces developers) to use filled version for tabbar. (See [this manual](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/tab-bars))

Commit message:

Beep-boop... Loading description =)
Common:
- Added assets copypasted from Nike app for android
- Added product preview
- Updated API usage in code (and doc description)

ShopView:
- Added common recommendations
- Added binding and updating upon gender change. (Harcode gender in this app, I don't want it to change.)
- Added first version of grid (but it won't work, need more samples, but there isn't any yet)

Small fixed:
- Removed previous view name from back button, added crunch to return without name

README.md, after:

# Another copy of Nike iOS app

## Used approach

### Framework

Apple recommends to use SwiftUI. But it also claims that UIKit is fine. 
As it says that SwiftUI is usually better - use this framework.

### Views pattern

There are many recommendations (like [this](https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/699003) to use MV (Model-View) template, so the following structure is used.
To call API, use appropriate object for this. (mb these classes will be merged later and these classes will be converted to protocols, but not now =))


## Directory structure

- `Views` directory: all views (it's possible to add subdirs there)
- `Models` directory: all models (it's possible to add subdirs too)
- `API` directory: used to store interface for data reception and its implementations (pre-filled stubs).  
  It's better to add some constant into implementation to sleep in the separate thread.
- `nike_cpAPP`: just main


## Additional notes

- it's better to create screens according to apple guidelines.
- it's better to not mix UIKit ans SwiftUI (despite this possibility)
- Try to call API from separate thread.

## Known differences between this app and the Nike app

- Tabbar icons are filled because Apple recommends (and forces developers) to use filled version for tabbar. (See [this manual](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/tab-bars))
